#separator:tab
#html:false
Jack, it's a fool's errand.	errand:  short trip to buy or deliver things.
What makes you think Barbossa will give up his ship to you? -- Let's just say it's a matter of leverage.	leverage: power to influence people and get the results you want.
Well, you may tell the captain that I am disclined to acquiesce to his request.	to acquiesce: to accept or agree to something, often unwilingly.
There's no need to sand on ceremony, no call to impress anyone.	there is no call something: <spoken> used to tell someone that their behavior is wrong and unnecessary.
All the scatterd pices of the Aztec gold must be restored and blood repaid.	scattered: covering a wide area
For too long I've been parched of thirst and unable to quench it.	perched: dried out because of too much heat  quench: to drink liquid so that you stop being thrsty.
Do you have the courage and fortitude to follow orders and stay true in the face of danger and almost certain death?	fortitude: bravery when dealing with pain or difficulty, especially over a long period
Not a lot's known about Jack before he showed up Tortuga with a mind to find the treasure of the Isla de Muerta.	with a mind to...: someone has a specific plan or ourpose in mind.
He plays things closer to the vest now.	play it close to the vest: to be reserved, secretive to oneself. to take no risks; be cautious.
"There're days out on the venture, the first mate says, ""Everything's an equal share. That means the location of the treasure too."" So Jack gives up the bearings."	bearings: an understanding of directions and positions that helps you know where you are.
That night, there was a munity. They marooned Jack on an island left him to die.	maroon: to leave someone in a place from which they cannot escape.
but not before he'd gone mad with the heat.	but not before: at a time eariler than, first than, e.g.: Not before next Tuesday.
He waded out into the shallows and waited three days and three nights. till all manner of sea creatures came acclimated to his presence.	wade:to walk through water or other liquid with some effort  acclimate to something:to change to suit different conditions of life, wether, etc., or to make someone or something do this.
Ten years hoarding swag.	hoarding: to collect large amount of something and keep it for yourself. often in a seacret place.  swag: stolen goods free things that you are given a fashionable and confident appearance or way of behaving
What code is Gibbs to keep to if the worst should happen? -- Pirate's code. Any man who falls behind is left behind.	fall behind: to fail to do something fast enogh or on time.
For ten years we've been tested and tried, and each man here has proved his mettle a hundred times over and a hundred times again!	mettle: ability and determination when competing or doing something difficult bravely and determination  determination: the ability to continue trying to do something although it is very difficult.
disportionate to our crime!	disportionate: too great or too small when compared to something else, or not deserving its importance.
Every last piece that went astray, we have returnd.	astray: away from the correct path or correct way of doing something.
Who amoung us has paid the blood sacrifice owed to the heathen gods?	heathen: a person who has no religeion or who belongs to a religion that is not christianity, judaism or msrim
And whoes blood must yet be paid? -- Hers! You know the first thing I'm going to do after the curse lifted? Eat a bushel of apples!	lifted: to end a rule or law  bushel: a unit of mesurment equal to apporoximately 36.4 litres in britain or 35.2 litres in the US.
Get after her, you feckless pack of ingrates!	feckless: weak in character and lacking determination.  ingrates: a person who is not grateful
The oars have gone missing! Find them!	oar: a long pole with a wide, float part at one end, used for rowing a boat.
When you marooned me on that godforsaken spit of land, you forgot one very important thing, mate.	godforsaken: a gidfirsaken place is not attractive and contains nothing interesting or pleasant.
What say we run up a flag of truce, I scurry over to the Intercepter, and Inegotiate the return of your medalion?	What say: what do you say  run something up: to raise a flag into the air on a pole or mast.  truce: a short interruption in a war or argument, or an agreement to stop fighting or arguing for a period of time.  scurry: - to make quickly, with small steps. - the act of moving with short, quick steps.
Locking him in the brig!	brig: a military prison especually one on a US navy ship
We've shallower in the draft, right?	draft the depth of water needed for a boat to be able to float.
Can't we lose them amongst those shoals?	shoals: a raised area of sand or rocks under the surface of the water.
Anything we can afford to lose, see that it's lost!	See that...: to make certain that something happens.
"Any of you so much as thinks tha word ""parley"", I'll have your guts for gaeters!"	gut: the long tube in the body of a person or animal, through which food moves during the process of digesting food.
Though it does seem a shame to lose something so fine, don't it lads?	shame: an uncomfotable feeling of guilt or of being ashamed because your own or someone else's bad behavior.
Perhaps you'll be able to conjure up another miraculous escape. But I dought it. Off you go.	conjure: to make something appear by magic, or as if by magic.
Seeing as there's two of us, a gentleman would give us a pair of pistols.	Seeing as.../ Seeing that...: considering or accepting the fact that
Last time, the rumrunners used this island as a cache. They came by, and I was able to berter passage off.	barter: to exchange goods for other things rather than for money.  passage: travel, especially as a way of escape.
Why is the rum gone?  One, because it is a vile drink that turns even the most respectable man into complete scoundrels.	vile: unpleasant, immoral, and unacceptable.  scoundrels: a person especialy a man, who treats other people very badly and has no moral principles.
Mr. Sparrow, you will accompany these fine man to the helm and provide us with a bearing to Isla de Muerta.	helm: the handle or wheel which controles the direction in which a ship or boat travels
"You will then spend the rest of the voyage contemplating all possible meanings of the phrase ""silent as the grave"". Do I make myself clear?"	contemplating: to spend time considering a possible future action, or to considerone partiuler thing for a long time in a serious and quiet way.  silent as the grave: completely silent.
Never sat well with Bootstrap waht we did to Jack Sparrow, the mutiny and all. He said it wasn't right with the Code. That's why he sent off a piece of the treasure to you.	sit well: to be something that you agree or are pleased with.
Last we saw of oI' Bill Turner, he was sinking into the crushing black oblivion of Davy Jone's locker!	oblivion: the state of being unconsious or lacking awareness of what is happening around you.
Any attempt to storm the caves could turn into an ambush.	ambush: a sudden and surprising attack a person or group by one or more people who had been hiding and waiting for them.
Nothing I'd lament being rid of.	lament: to express sadness and feeling sorry about something.
No reason to fret. Just a prick of the finger, a few drops of blood.	fret: to be nerves or worryied.  prick: to make a very small hole or holes in the surface of something, sometimes in a way that cases pain.
Just hear me out, mate. You order your men to row out to the Dauntless.	row: to cause a boat to move through water by pushing against the water with oars.
The makings of your very own fleet.	fleet: - a group of ships in a country's navy. - a number of aircraft, buses, cars, or other vehicles under the control of one company or organization.
Cause you'll the grandest as your flagship, and who's to argue?	flagship: the ship within a group on which the most important officer sails.  to argue someone: to speak angrily to someone, telling the person that you disagree with them.



Don't you think it'd be better if we split up and each went after one experiment?	go after: - to try to get something - to chase of follow someone in order to catch them
Perhaps willing to make a wager?	wager: - to risk money by a suessing the result of something
But galactic wagering rules require stakes.	galactic: - relating to the galaxy or other galaxie  stake: - the amount of money that you risk on the result of something such as a game or competition
Loser of bet must perform dreded glocknar ceremonial dance.	dreaded: - used to refer to something that you do not like or want
Nobody bails me out. I do my own bailing.	bail someone/something out: - to help a person or organization that is in difficulty, usually by giving or lending them or it money.
We got dibs on those, big dummy!	dibs on: - a right to have or get something from someone, or to use something.
Let's find Gantu and give him a wedgie.	give him a wedgie: - when someone reaches into the back of someones pants and roughly pulls up their underwear. (usually bully)
