
Good morning , Maargaret, What a wonderful surprise to find a fellow bovine joining the ranks.	- bovine: an animal from the cattle group, which includes cows, buffalo, and bison.  - joining the ranks of something: to become one of a particular large group of people  - fellow: used to refer to someone who has the same job or interests as you, or is in the same situation as you, (a man, member, teacher/student)
Don't go near any luas, though.	- luau: a Hawaian party or celebration.
Is that ornery horse getting away from you again?	- ornery: likery to get angry and argue with people
There're losing monmey with all the cattleman going uder	- go under: if a comapany goes under, it falls finacially.
You've got the beswt livestock in the country. All you gotta do is just sell off a few of these critters.	- livestock: animals and birds that are kept on a farm, such as cows, or chickens.  - critter: a creature
I'm sorry girls. I'm just plumb out of ideas.	- plumb:  exactly straight. completely.
I say we got o town, buttter up that sheriff's horse, and get him to give us more time.	- butter up someone: to be very kind or friendly to someone or try to please someone, so that person will do what you want them to do.
Shw woulkd be devastated if she found us missing.	- devastated (C1): very shocked and upset. completely destroyed.
Lowbrow remarks may work for you, but we prefer the gentle approach.	- lowbrow: no serius and intended for people who do not know much about these forms of art, or not intelligent and not knowing a lot about such things.
Well, she better stick a sock init soon.	- stick a sock inint: it means put a sock init: used to tell someone to be quiet or stop making so much noise.
Look, there's no fences. What keeps the people from roaming? --They appear to be domesticated.	- roam: to walk or travel without any real purpose or direction.  - domesticated(adj.): brought under human control in order to provide food, power, or company.
The only varmintleft is that lowdown, good- for- nothing Alameda Slim.	- varmint: an annoying or harmlful small animall or insect. an annying child.  - lowdown: the most important facts and information about something.
What's the bounty?	- bounty: money paid as a reward
Step lightly. The male of the species can be extremely hostile.	- hostile(adj.): showing strong dislike; unfriendly;
He is definitely bipolar.	- bipolar: 躁鬱
I'm gonnago nab that rustler, and show Rico I got what it takes.	- nab(v.): to take something suddenly, or to catch or arrest a criminal.  - rustler(n.): a person who steals farm animals.
Now that al his cash cows have disappeared that poor sap's gonna be flat broke. Perfect time for a certain upstanding landowner to step in and take all the land.	- sap(n.): a stupid person who can easily be tricked or persuaded to do something.  - flat broke: used to emphasize that someone or something has no money at all.  - step in: to become involved in a difficult situation or argument in order to help find a solution.
But the part of that really warms my heart, is watching those homesteaders suffer.	- homesteader: someone who goes to live and grow crops on land given by the goverment, especially in the past.
Back in the day, I worked the highfalutinest ranches you ever seen.	- highfalutin: try to seem very important or serious, but without having a good resoun for doing so and looking silly asa result.  - ranch: a very large farm on which animals are kept, especially in North and South America.
Am I correct in assuming that each and every time we brought a herd back to this seacret lair...	- Am I correct in assuming that...: 〜と考えてcorrectでしょうか？  - lair: a place where a wild animal lives, often underground and hidden, or a place where a person hides. 巣。
it doesn't take a cow to figure out they saw the writing on the wall, and flown the coop while the getting was good.	- flown: fly-flew-flown  - coop: a cage where small animals are kept.  - while the getting was good: while the going is good; while an oppotunity lasts.
Strutting around with your vulgar show cow behavior.	- strut: to walk in a proud way trying to look important.  - vulgar(adj.) : not suitable, simple, dignified or beautiful. rude and likely to upset or anger people, especially by refferring to sex and the body in a unpleasant way.
Till some land-grabbing bardit moved in, and flushed us out like yesterday's oatmeal.	- bandit: a thief with a weapon, especially one belonging to a grooup that attacks people taraveling through the countryside.  - flush someone/something out: to force a person or animal to leave a place where they are hiding.
Protecteing my investments is what I pay this fellow for. Let me present the most traitorous, double-crossing gun for hire that I've ever had the pleasure to call partner, Rico.	- traitorous: not royal to your own country, social group, beliefs, etc.  - double-cross: a trick in which you deceive someone when you are doing something illegal together or when you are planning to trick someone else together.
but stick with me and you may get to like the other side of the law.	- stick with me: to continue doing somehting or using someone to do work for you, and not stop or change to something or someone else  - get someone to do something: to persuade someone to do something
What is in the cud you're chewing?	- cud: food that has beem eaten by an animal with more than one stomach, such as a cow
The same way we fought off those burly barmaids.	- burly: a burly man is large and strong  - barmaid: a women who serves drinks in a bar.
